on
hello I would have done again like now
the blog had and how you got your five
minutes
and again a question from you I became
asked how is that if you have one
guitar has and from when times a new one
So drilling is the easiest
The reason for a new customer is, of course, if
the reasons and the guitar really
are played down so that it already
sometimes problems with those with the sounds
there is that happening like this
Let's assume you play in one
It's very common that maybe
quite normal because you get used to it
has certain scales or
you were always the same in the world
tones and so on and so forth
plays then you probably play
some share more than others
and depending on how thick the pages are
which one can use the wear already
be pretty blatant or
where the high sides are the higher ones
the g string now especially the
stick and does not wrap around the creates
like to hang around the bunch of chopsticks
the thick strings are wrapped
there are times like pulling in the boat
Chopsticks and that's exactly where
the problems with the installation
or tonal development
you can create that so you like it
a lot of played frets are welcome
start to snow or just stop if
which bind the ones in the positions where
They where they played a lot there
That can be quite that then
just always the next higher bund
starts to snap
because the one before that played her down
and then it may be that the
Side position just does not skin anymore
of course that is the most blatant
In that case you have to have a guitar very much
play a lot and if there is a new feature
due and then how expensive it will be
actually depends on what you for
if you have a digital one here
that would be the case you have to new federation
and the guitar has a so-called
binding or binding binding and that is
a plastic skirt around the neck
around and when a guitar has something like that
then of course that has to be done
become
This is usually broken when the
banja remove and then this must be
binding also new again and then
I think it is so much and at
i hope i say wrong now i am
no guitar maker now i have one
at a guitar maker at digitask the
the guitar maker is the one for the doctors
be the guitar building or for farin
holiday properly and that has too
own models would have to look it here
have kitas also comes is
written cy a in the own synonymous
Generally own models are developed and
He told me a new version of mine
guitar would cost about 250 euros
usually one plus minus 50 euros upwards
or down maybe so on
every case so about the rotation that would be one
Complete new polishing with him
binding with the metalworker i
can finally speak for everyone
then the next question is yes
then, inevitably, you always have to
you do not have to renew all the reasons
you can also dress a guitar
is the so-called regrind of
individual frets and you have to if
you have to raise new frets you have to
anyway, because of the fretboard
the script is not
one hundred percent straight it can
Do not be and then you have to go if you are
the frets enter the are natural
equal to the bunch has come in there
Of course he has none
But manufacturing tolerances are so much more
that adds up then so far
that a new digital on it
must be trained and at a
it can be used guitar
you have such a guitar she is in
you're traveling around that
I like to have happened
lately only the case with a student
from me and then happens girlfriend
when the guitar is on somewhere against
comes or at worst
The bottom falls then there is sometime
this touch of the pages gossip the
chatter against sbr and chopsticks and
just then you have a deep fat
fat score somehow in the bunch is then
it's just that there it can be that time
that's the side in the bunch where that
Happens is totally clever and she is not
more sounds so that a lot to do
but get along that way now it would be silly
every 22 to 24 frets to renew
just because one is broken so now
theoretically theoretically
You could certainly be a wish
swap chopsticks that is guaranteed
also feasible
that would be a guitar maker if it were
So it is necessary if the cores too
Doll is certainly also doing others
away, that would be a plot in after too
celebrate and then just stop the rest
then to finish the work goes on
also like to be so one or
if a guitar when the frets are high
are enough if just enough
meat is there you could also at one
much played guitar before a new one
Government may be due
Also just realign the guitar
I will also be the case
cheaper than a new building and her that
but you have to see in a case
when which treatment really?
makes sense so I hope I could
So far, bring light into the dark
as I said if you are for something
interested in priming and something like that
I would always, I would too
not in the music business
So then I would always for
guitar makers go because depending on their value
The instrument needs someone to do that
that has the effect of the experience in it
So I wanted to say so
times the guitarmaker the inexperienced
could not have done so much yet
certainly damage fingerboard and if
Digitized are very valuable
then of course that is difficult then
At least one person can only see that
really make the experience
where you really have confidence in and
one step further if you go
vintage about instruments so if i have
a stratocaster farmer 63 got the
Is worth 15,000 euros then the
does not guarantee somehow somewhere
music shop in she's broke me
So someone has to substantiate that
do